Feature/revise docs (#327)
rl-institut/oemof-B3: docs/model_pipeline.rst

  * such powered with electricity with :attr:`config.settings.optimize.el_key` followed by :attr:`carrier` and :attr:`region` (example: :attr:`{"electricity-heat_decentral-B": 1}`).
  * Do not provide :attr:`output_parameters` or leave their :attr:`var_value` empty to neglect a component in the constraint.

* The capacity of specific components of a scenario can be expanded during an optimization, if the facade attribute `expandable` is set on `True`.

  * To adjust this setting, the attribute needs to be specified in the file :attr:`costs_efficiencies.csv`.
  * An overview of all facades, which includes `expandable` can be found in the facade attributes overview <https://oemof-tabular.readthedocs.io/en/latest/facades.html#>`_ provided by oemof.tabular.

> * There is a distinction between the  maximum capacity and the already installed capacity of specific components.
> Each attribute can be set individually.
> 
>   * The attribute :attr:`capacity` in :attr:`var_name` relates to the already installed capacity. The value can be set to 0 for
>     a Greenfield assumption or to a positive numeric value for a Brownfield assumption.
>   * The attribute :attr:`capacity_potential` in :attr:`var_name` relates to the maximum capacity,
>     which can be set to a positive numeric value or left empty. In the latter case, an infinite capacity potential is assumed.

Reviewer: Thank you! Only minor corrections:

```suggestion
* There is a distinction between the maximum capacity and the already installed capacity of specific components.
  Both of the two attributes can be set individually:

  * The attribute :attr:`capacity` in :attr:`var_name` relates to the already installed capacity. The value can be set to 0 for
    a Greenfield assumption or to a positive numeric value for a Brownfield assumption.
  * The attribute :attr:`capacity_potential` in :attr:`var_name` relates to the maximum capacity,
    which can be set to a positive numeric value or left empty. In the latter case, an infinite capacity potential is assumed.
```

  * To adjust this setting, the attribute needs to be specified in the file :attr:`costs_efficiencies.csv`.
  * An overview of all facades, which includes `expandable` can be found in the facade attributes overview <https://oemof-tabular.readthedocs.io/en/latest/facades.html#>`_ provided by oemof.tabular.

* The maximum capacity and the already installed capacity of specific components can be set individually

  * In the file :attr:`capacities.csv`, the already installed capacity can be set as 0 for
    a Greenfield assumption or as a positive numeric value for a Brownfield assumption.
    Changes can be donefor the attribute :attr:`capacity` in :attr:`var_name`.
  * In the file :attr:`potentials.csv`, the maximum capacity can be set for the attribute
    :attr:`capacity_potential` in :attr:`var_name`. If the :attr:`capacity_potential` is left empty,

>     an infinite capacity potential is assumed.

Reviewer: @Stefanie08 could you please adapt this paragraph and take out the names of the csv files and instead refer to the associated attribute alone (e.g. `capacity_potential`)? Background is: We do not want to define / fix a file structure in oemof-B3. It is e.g. possible to use a `scalars.csv` file in which the content of all csv files is present. Thanks a lot!

  * such powered with electricity with :attr:`config.settings.optimize.el_key` followed by :attr:`carrier` and :attr:`region` (example: :attr:`{"electricity-heat_decentral-B": 1}`).
  * Do not provide :attr:`output_parameters` or leave their :attr:`var_value` empty to neglect a component in the constraint.

* The capacity of specific components of a scenario can be expanded during an optimization, if the facade attribute `expandable` is set on `True`.

  * To adjust this setting, the component needs to be specified in the file :attr:`component_attr_update.yml`.
  * An overview of all facades, which includes `expandable` can be found in the facade attributes overview <https://oemof-tabular.readthedocs.io/en/latest/facades.html#>`_ provided by oemof.tabular.

> 

Reviewer: That needs to be adjusted according to what we learned from our conversation today. Thank you very much! :)

Author: Done with 2c010076dbf434b3d92a5c28bdae346091c55396
